# DPGame
DPGame is an Android application for learning the grammar of nouns and adjectives in Swedish. DP stands for “determiner phrase”, which is used to denote groups of words formed by nouns and their modifiers, such as “the yellow house”. In Swedish, the form of each constituent word might vary depending on the gender of the noun (e.g. “house” is of the neuter gender in Swedish) or on the status of the phrase as definite, indefinite or plural. Finding the correct form of each word in a determiner phrase can therefore be a challenging task for second language learners of Swedish, especially when they need to produce the words rapidly.

In the DPGame, the user is shown a series of determiner phrases, with one or more words missing. For each phrase they need to choose between two alternative forms of the missing word(s) to fill in the gap, only one of which is grammatically correct. The speed and accuracy of the choice are displayed to the user. Currently there are six different levels in the game, each associated with a certain aspect of the determiner phrase grammar. When the player has provided a certain predefined percentage of correct answers, he or she can progress to the next level.
In the present version of the game, it is possible to manually set the percentage of correct responses required, and the number of subsequent responses across which the percentage is calculated, under Settings.
On the main screen of the app, the user can also look at statistics about their performance in the game (requires Internet connection), set a notification to remind then in case they have not played for a certain amount of time, as well as change the app language from English to Swedish and vice versa.
